use a recurrent neural net because the next speed depends a lot on the speed for it.


the problem isn't at all about image classification. it's about linear regression: predicting a continuous variable based on a an input value

this is a task that a machine can comfortably outperform a human.

MODEL:
basic multilayer perception network
input can be:
	2 consecutive images
	N consecutive images
	some kind of difference operation applied on consecutive images
		why? a larger "difference" indicates that a lot has happened between the
		frames. but the difference operator needs to be constructed in such a
		way that only changes in the marks on the road (and possibly other stati
		onary objects? like trees, walls) are considered.
			-so using this approach I would create a separate model (cnn) to
			detect objects that are known to be stationary.
			-then, using the set of pixels in the image output by this model
			which indicate the locations in the image of stationary objects,
			I would take the difference between positions of these objects in successive
			images.
			-For example the object detection model that recognizes other cars would not pick them as
			stationary objects (because your speed is independent of the other car's speed)

			-in a theoretical environment where there are no indicators to measure the car's speed,
			this task is impossible without a different camera angle. In this case, a perdiction of
			the speed that would minimize the loss is the mean value of the training set.


			consider the optical flow vectors that have direction like this: / and \
											/       \
			This is because when a car is moving north, the textture on the road and
			on the sides will slide south. And because of the perspective, the angle
			off the vertical is slightly tilted


			you can literally have one feature / pair of images:
			the mean of all the optical flow vectors within a thresholded direction.
			that's literally one feature per pair of frames!!

			
